Add middleware/feature-name casing guidance and a PR review section to Copilot instructions (#37362)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: .github/copilot-instructions.md

* [ ] Bullet lists should have two or more entries at the same level in the list. If there is only one item under a bullet, remove its bullet marker and roll that item into its parent bullet.
* [ ] Lead with Microsoft-recommended approaches
* [ ] Include differences between Minimal API and controller-based approaches when relevant
* [ ] For middleware content and examples, use the middleware class approach

### 5. Content Writing Guidelines
* [ ] Introductory paragraph:
  * [ ] When drafting the first paragraph of any new article, or when significantly updating an existing article:
  * [ ] Explain why and when the topic matters in practical ASP.NET Core development scenarios.
  * [ ] Give a concise summary of what the article covers or enables, so readers know what to expect.
  * [ ] When significantly updating, revise the introductory paragraph to match the new scope and content.

### 6. PR Description Requirements
* [ ] ALWAYS include "Fixes #[issue-number]" in the PR description, at the first line of the description to link back to the original issue
* [ ] Include a clear summary of changes made
* [ ] List all files that were modified with brief descriptions

> ### 7. PR Review Guidelines (Copilot-assigned reviews)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 7. PR review guidelines (Copilot-assigned reviews)
```
Should have been sentance cased.  Corrected.

> * [ ] Flag capitalization of middleware/feature names that use proper-noun casing (interior capitalization) and suggest lowercase per the "4. ASP.NET Core Specific Guidelines" section, except for code identifiers, proper adjectives (URL, HTTP), and true branded names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ ] Flag capitalization of middleware/feature names that use proper-noun casing and suggest lowercase per the "4. ASP.NET Core Specific Guidelines" section, except for code identifiers, proper adjectives (URL, HTTP), branded names, and words that begin a sentence, heading, or bullet.
```
Fix per tdykstra suggestion

### 4. ASP.NET Core Specific Guidelines
- [ ] Use the latest supported version for examples unless otherwise specified
- [ ] Title and section header casing is sentence case (capitalize the first word and any proper nouns)
- [ ] Capitalization of middleware and feature names: Treat middleware and descriptive framework feature names as common (general) nouns, NOT proper nouns. Use lowercase unless a word is a true proper noun, a branded product/feature name, or a code identifier (in backticks).

>   - [ ] Correct: "response caching middleware", "exception handling middleware", "URL rewriting middleware" (URL is an initialism)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [ ] Correct: "response caching middleware", "exception handling middleware", "URL rewriting middleware" (URL is a proper adjective)
```
Update per guardrex feedback.

  - [ ] Incorrect: "Response Caching Middleware", "Exception Handling Middleware"
  - [ ] Apply only normal first-word capitalization at the start of a sentence. Do NOT capitalize interior words of a middleware name in table cells, list items, or headings.
  - [ ] Reserve capitalization for the exact API type name in code style when referring to the type itself (example: the `ResponseCachingMiddleware` class).
  - [ ] Hyphenate compound adjectives in a middleware name when needed to prevent adjective/name ambiguity (example: "host-filtering middleware", not "host filtering middleware"). Leave unambiguous cases unhyphenated (example: "exception handling middleware").
- [ ] For parts of a title or section header that normally use code style in article text (backticks around the content), also use code style in the title or section header (example H1 header: "# Modify the `Program.cs` file")
- [ ] Use code style for any words that shouldn't be localized

> - [ ] For bullet lists, use an asterisk as the bullet marker

Reviewer 2: If we're advising use of asterisks for bullets, we should use them ourselves. 😄

Reviewer: Great point!  Yeah, Copilot does not default to asterisks.  Fixed now.

- [ ] Include a clear summary of changes made
- [ ] List all files that were modified with brief descriptions

### 7. PR Review Guidelines (Copilot-assigned reviews)

> - [ ] Flag capitalization of middleware/feature names that use proper-noun casing (interior capitals) and suggest lowercase per the "4. ASP.NET Core Specific Guidelines" section, except for code identifiers, initialisms (URL, HTTP), and true branded names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Flag capitalization of middleware/feature names that use proper-noun casing (interior capitals) and suggest lowercase per the "4. ASP.NET Core Specific Guidelines" section, except for code identifiers, proper adjectives (URL, HTTP), and true branded names.
```
Update per guardrex feedback.

> - [ ] Flag capitalization of middleware/feature names that use proper-noun casing (interior capitals) and suggest lowercase per the "4. ASP.NET Core Specific Guidelines" section, except for code identifiers, proper adjectives (URL, HTTP), and true branded names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Flag capitalization of middleware/feature names that use proper-noun casing (interior capitalization) and suggest lowercase per the "4. ASP.NET Core Specific Guidelines" section, except for code identifiers, proper adjectives (URL, HTTP), and true branded names.
```
Changing to avoid policheck flag.

> - [ ] Flag capitalization of middleware/feature names that use proper-noun casing (interior capitalization) and suggest lowercase per the "4. ASP.NET Core Specific Guidelines" section, except for code identifiers, proper adjectives (URL, HTTP), and true branded names.

Reviewer 2: Section titles should be sentence case.
omit 'true'.
omit `(interior capitalization)`
add to the list of exceptions`words that begin a sentence, heading, or bullet`

- [ ] Flag compound adjectives in feature names that risk adjective/name ambiguity and suggest hyphenation (example: "host-filtering middleware").

> - [ ] Verify sentence-case titles/headers and the metadata/ms.date rules already defined above.

Reviewer 2: There is a difference between ambiguity being a real problem and being theoretically possible, but not likely enough to be a real problem. We would hyphenate only in the former situation, and this example seems to me to be in the latter. In other words, I don't think it's a great example here. But I don't have a better one off the top of my head.
